---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "forgejo_repository Resource - terraform-provider-forgejo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this resource to create and manage a git repository.
---

# forgejo_repository (Resource)

Use this resource to create and manage a git repository.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "forgejo_repository" "user_example" {
  description = "test repository"
  name        = "test"
  private     = false
}

resource "forgejo_repository" "organization_example" {
  description = "test repository"
  name        = "test"
  owner       = "adyxax.org"
  private     = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the repository.

### Optional

- `default_branch` (String) Name of the default branch. Defaults to "main".
- `description` (String) A description string.
- `has_actions` (Boolean) If true, the actions unit will be enabled. If false, the actions unit will be disabled. If unset, the server default will be left as is.
- `has_issues` (Boolean) If true, the issues unit will be enabled. If false, the issues unit will be disabled. If unset, the server default will be left as is.
- `has_packages` (Boolean) If true, the packages unit will be enabled. If false, the packages unit will be disabled. If unset, the server default will be left as is.
- `has_projects` (Boolean) If true, the projects unit will be enabled. If false, the projects unit will be disabled. If unset, the server default will be left as is.
- `has_pull_requests` (Boolean) If true, the pull requests unit will be enabled. If false, the pull requests unit will be disabled. If unset, the server default will be left as is.
- `has_releases` (Boolean) If true, the releases unit will be enabled. If false, the releases unit will be disabled. If unset, the server default will be left as is.
- `has_wiki` (Boolean) If true, the wiki unit will be enabled. If false, the wiki unit will be disabled. If unset, the server default will be left as is.
- `owner` (String) The name of the organization owning this repository. A null value here means this is a repository belonging to the user whose credentials the provider was instantiated with. Defaults to null.
- `private` (Boolean) If true, the repository is private. Defaults to true.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation date and time.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a repository belonging to the user whose credentials the provider
# was instantiated with:
terraform import forgejo_repository.main <repository_name>

# Importing a repository that belongs to an organization:
terraform import forgejo_repository.main <owner>/<repository_name>
```
